JAVA	
	Java is a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent,
class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed to have as few
implementation dependencies as possible. 

Difference:
	One of the original motivations for creating Java was to create a language where compiled code could run on any operating system.
	C# is also compiled to an intermediate language, called MSIL. 

Similarity:
	Java and C# were designed to be type-safe. An illegal cast will be caught at compile time if it can be shown that the cast is illegal;
 or an exception will be thrown at runtime if the object cannot be cast to the new type.


C++
	C++  is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, while also
providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation.

Difference:
	In C#, memory management is automatically handled by garbage collector. In C++, the memory that is allocated in the heap
 dynamically has to be explicitly deleted.

Similarity:
	C# inherits most of its operators, keywords, and statements directly from C++.

PYTHON
	Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability,
 and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java.
The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale.

Difference:
	C# is designed for common language infrastructure platform. Python supports cross-platform operating systems.
Similarity: 
	C# and Python are High level languages

VISUAL BASIC
	Visual Basic is a third-generation event-driven programming language and integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft
 for its COM programming model first released in 1991.

Difference:
	C# and VB.NET are syntactically very different.
Similarity: 
	Both of these languages are part of the same .NET Framework development platform.

RUBY
	Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language. It was designed and developed in the mid-1990s
 by Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto in Japan.
Difference:
	Ruby is an interpreted language.C# is not an interpreted language. C# is a compiled language.